fam arán that I put windy what's going on I'm
reposting the list of the
spaces that were empty and I
'm not there I feel a little discriminated against
where it says that you didn't invite her
basically because she shows a lot of luck
What I have no idea uncle Rubius don't be
bad windy is very much invited say yes
eh It turns out
that there is a tournament I imagine that
fortnite Agustín is invited despite the fact that let's
see wait
so we see Rubio is invited
Agustín despite the fact that in the last
tournament they didn't invite him do you remember the
tantrum that Agustín threw because they didn't
invite him because he was Pro because I don't know
what well now he is invited
okay beautiful But it has the typical
Setup How to say it I mean
its Setup beautiful beautiful But it
has the typical
Setup How to say it I mean it
's to play history games and
such to play fps no it's not
prepared it has a mat that is
hard I mean it's not soft it's not
slippery So to speak it had like it
was hard with a texture of I know of
like mine the mat that
Vegeta has is  the same as mine and it's like,
like, he's touched a
knife and I can say that, I can
say, yeah, it's not happening. Let's see, I don't think so. It's
something nice, it's something that excites me
and so we're preparing engines. You
know, I've spoken with Epic and we're going to
do a tournament with them, okay,
eh, fortnite, the Old map and my plan
is to bring together legends from the time
when we did the first tournament plus those who
came in the last tournament that I
did, which is when megac came out and
all this. You know, of course, but not of course
the tournament, but of course people who play
fortnite. I don't think he's referring to this
tournament that they did in person, do you
remember the tournament they did in
Madrid, do you remember that tournament that was
in person with the youtubers? I don't think he's
referring to that, I understand that he's referring
to people who play, eh, it was very
cool, I saw that a lot of people had a
good time and it was very balanced and I also
plan to invite. Eh. Well, that's
people like Agustín or pros, good people,
better than average, but
Eh, I want to do it  in a
fun way okay like doing a challenge that I'll
tell you later but like a
specific challenge for them in each
game but but yes the plan is to set up
a tournament for the OG map
and bring that to people who were in my
very first tournament the classic Uh
well there were also a lot of people who went to the
in-person tournament you know but uh Those from the first
tournament and jun jar with those from the previous
tournament you know there's like a mix because it makes
sense if Salvador Raya can't
come to the Fortnite OG tournament for the
old map Windy is very much
invited
yes of course because Salvador Raya was the one who
won the in-person tournament the one
they did at Gameri of course So he
's referring to everyone
who played in
that [ __ ] tournament How could we see a
list Luar Find me a list Find me a
list of the participants who went
to that
tournament please watch out eh Because there are people who don't even
stream or anything Salvador Raya for
example one of them but how how did
the blond pull Windy out right in front of him I
mean he just mentioned her for free
too no of
course  here I leave it If Salvador scratches he
can't that neither s How to contact
because pardo the poor kid But
well the other day Felipe told us
that he was that he was fine and such only
that he had left the networks And such
But well save if this reaches you
by some means or another know
that I would love to invite you and that you
came back for this but I know that you
have moved away and such So nothing happens you have moved
away from the networks I mean
but that If you can't save Well if
Windy wants then Wind comes too I'm
not going to be bad guys I'm not
bad I
'm not bad this time I invite Windy and
Windy man what is Agus
s But what the [ __ ] is El Rubius doing giving us
gossip content for the face I mean
but what the
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] look here we have the
pom list of 2018 my goodness more than 5 years you
more than 5 years
kid let's see El Rubius lolito gre mangel
broncano I don't think he'll play broncano
Luzu alevi Wi
michu Win michu I would say that I already have it I
already have it  Ivan Win michu I would say
yes Paula gonu would sign up I would say that I have
also lost track of him Orlock I have
lost him for a long time
Orlock I have no idea what he does I do not
know if you guys are that he is not even on the
internet no Hey, they are not kicking the internet out Don't
smell if Alvaro plays I
imagine that Gorgo too Abel
too Miare too I would say yes he would play yes of
course yes yes sure Josem too Elisa I have
lost track of him too but I
imagine that Yes Fagor too
Salvador Rajal who just said Alfa would
play Yes Zorman too Jager too
Jacki all of a sudden and Peter Yes Forfa I
imagine so why not Nil too I don't
know who it is I don't know who Kion is another one
that I lost track of eh be it another one that Kion does I
have no [ __ ]
idea what Kion does so I do
n't know if he would play or
not Celen I imagine so Black I don't
know who Wi is I don't know I don't know I don't know I do
n't know who  he's a queer foot crack
this one left this is the one with the feet who
liked pictures of feet and
asked Ingrid for pictures I don't remember no
pictures of Ingrid it was I don't remember if it was
Ingrid or who it was but there was a
move with some feet of this guy eh There's a
video somewhere in the canijo
Eh Al Capone Well this one wouldn't play Of course
because this one is neither here nor on social
media I think Al Capone does Natalia I don't know
who Natalia is Who is Natalia
Who is Natalia
Natalia from Natalipa let's see
create content that recently we gave
some news that was bad that put
a t that was bad but I don't
remember I hope he's okay
Maiden trolino I don't know who it is if he plays for
sure I don't know Ricky will surely invite
pica too perchita too Pedrito
BM let's see if it has to be in person I don't
know micke crack I mean m that crack played
in the Rubius Tournament and in an
interview recently he said no that he didn't
talk to him cajal I  I imagine that
he is invited Oh this one ay ay a a a a
I also lost track of Lileo Well
actually there was a video of him three
or four months ago he was involved with What it was I do
n't remember but I saw a video of Ileo
I talked to this guy a long time ago I
have an interview on the Ileo channel
but I already lost track of him The Demented
my goodness edit Play I lost him
deak deak this is the one that was funned no
my goodness here there are funned No Danian if he plays
Ari all at once Agustín too Guitar
giro they also funned him and he disappeared
Lucy plays played in the squid game
quiqueo I imagine so jel Melo I
imagine so Cheto too celo
too Alan I don't know who he is I don't know who he is I don't
know who he
is White Sander no idea I don't know who he is I don't know who he
is ansin they also funned him
aosi I haven't heard anything from
Aning until they funned him And besides they
funned him many years ago eh I mean they
funned him during the time of the allies and
all that  you Kendo trust you uncle they are people I
don't know who he is I don't know who glowen is I
imagine that if he invites him like that
forward too Maximo
[Music]
also Laila I don't know who he is I do
n't know who he is I don't know who werly will go auron Play I
think that yes he would play auron Play What
happens is that of course after the funa it seems
that he doesn't feel like hanging out with
youtubers so of course there he would
coincide for example with a
few that maybe he doesn't want to
cross paths But well he's playing
fortnite he doesn't have to talk to them it's
not like GTA lowo I imagine that
also antras I don't know what's up with him puni
either I don't know
F would play pel I think that yes he would play r also also also
Antonio also well s I think that yes
almost all of them would play
if he's referring to this list
removing a few that I don't know who they
are and some that are no longer on the
networks
s
Yes let's go it's coming it's coming a lot guys it's
coming a lot since talking all the
time Elo doesn't exist right now
devis no  take a while to come mod eh we
know each other I don't have him on discord man
Hey things are going a little better for
Agustín 51 I'm not watching there he has
4500 viewers man so you can see
that this is in seasons man so you can
see that this goes
completely one season suddenly a
few months he has 5000 viewers
another you have 1000
you can call me on
discord when you finish very assimilated do
n't go to the bathroom don't
go head
I chilled because what happened Ah
okay okay look I wanted to tell you something
Well to vicens I also take advantage of it since it
makes me very good What's up
beast What's up have you died already or
playing Ah I have people here perfect
I died again Vicente don't come I'm
a
drag if you want to talk when you
finish eh Stop not stop tell us if you
want I'll leave quickly or if not to something
quick it's just I wanted to
formally invite you to a tournament that I possibly will
do with the og map if
you of course that  well from seeing it didn't
sound very exciting no no I swear I'm
really excited they left us out of the
last tournament @ @epic games like
but gref's or mine no no because I
wanted to do it with really bad people I mean with
noob people and it's normal so it makes me
quite a lot in yours yes Sure but here
comes the thing I want you all to participate
but in a little special way So to
speak nerfed not a little
nerfed but not too much of a pain
for you guys You know I me drunk if
necessary yes I play drunk that's a bigger
nerf than that no no but my plan
is to gather people who were in the
original tournament they say 2000 What is
nerfed chat What does
nerfed mean what does
nerfed mean Javi look at Katy's sister thing
Ángel send it to me please send it to
me Iván or
lar with a
disadvantage
Ah And is that done in a scheduled way
or something like that or do they put some
conditions 2018 plus the people who were
in the previous one
and do  there like a mix of ogs
with New School and he's trying to find
Salvador But it's going to be impossible I think
well maybe he's living in
Silicon right now but Yeah yeah yeah but
that's it if you're interested And so I'll tell you
okay how how How could you participate if
I say if you like it or not I really have to
invite Felipe too so he can
snipe you How cool Yeah dude [ __ ] [ __ ] I ca
n't believe my mouth dude I think there will be some
surprises eh Because
some real ogs have already confirmed to me that they're going to
participate And maybe even some
legends who don't
play Fortnite a lot, well, we'll see, we'll see, we'll see
but it's going to be really
cool it's going to be really cool if Vegeta
participates which I haven't told him
anything yet but if people like Vegeta or I don't
know participate in the Tournament then let them
do it from wherever they want like
Vegeta doesn't usually sign up for
things Vegeta doesn't usually want to participate
in things